Feature/communication siprouting (#26644)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.PhoneNumbers/README.md

They are managed using the `PhoneNumbersClient`

The `direct routing` feature enables connecting your existing telephony infrastructure to ACS.
The configuration is managed using the `SipRoutingClient`, which provides methods for setting up SIP trunks and voice routing rules, in order to properly handle calls for your telephony subnet.

### Authenticate the client

Clients can be authenticated using connection string acquired from an Azure Communication Resources in the [Azure Portal][azure_portal].

```C# Snippet:CreatePhoneNumbersClient
// Get a connection string to our Azure Communication resource.
var connectionString = "<connection_string>";
var client = new PhoneNumbersClient(connectionString);
```

```C# Snippet:CreateSipRoutingClient
// Get a connection string to Azure Communication resource.
var connectionString = "<connection_string>";
var client = new SipRoutingClient(connectionString);
```

> Clients also have the option to authenticate with Azure Active Directory Authentication. With this option,

Reviewer: Do these variables need to be set, or is this only if they explicitly want to use the `EnvironmnetCredential`? Perhaps we should just show the `DefaultAzureCredential` sample and link to the Azure.Identity readme for more credential options.

await releaseOperation.WaitForCompletionResponseAsync();
```

### SipRoutingClient

#### Retrieve SIP trunks and routes

Get the list of currently configured trunks or routes.

```C# Snippet:RetrieveListAsync
var trunksResponse = await client.GetTrunksAsync();
var routesResponse = await client.GetRoutesAsync();
```

#### Replace SIP trunks and routes

Replace the list of currently configured trunks or routes.

```C# Snippet:ReplaceAsync

> // Cannot delete trunks that are used in any of the routes, therefore first set the routes as empty list, and then update routes.

Reviewer: Is there a more precise way to do this than setting all routes to an empty list?
```suggestion
// The service will not allow trunks that are used in any of the routes to be deleted, therefore first set the routes as empty list, and then update the routes.
```

Author: There is no other way than to set routes to empty list first.
To be honest, there shouldn't be much needed for that, because function: "set_trunks" will probably be called only when first initializing the configuration and later the user will be adding or changing one trunk at a time.

var newTrunks = "<new_trunks_list>";
var newRoutes = "<new_routes_list>";
await client.SetRoutesAsync(new List<SipTrunkRoute>());
await client.SetTrunksAsync(newTrunks);
await client.SetRoutesAsync(newRoutes);
```

#### Manage single trunk

> SIP trunks can be managed separately. User can retrieve, set or delete a single trunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIP trunks can be managed separately by using the `SipRoutingClient` to retrieve, set or delete a single trunk.
```

Author: Fixed.
